Okay. So let us. Receive first panel question what
class of education is an AMT Paradigm the best solution
for achieving these scalable execution? I can't
miss start discussion. So proud of my experience
for the application. I mean the same he's going to
be pretty useful especially when they have irregular
dependency 15 test and you know, if we kind of sea
divers Behavior befriends computational lock
and application and you can now so I can tap handle
it easily by developers. So AMT is pretty flexible
to handle this dependency graph to capture all of
the dependency then I'mma catch one time. So we have
location of a large number of tasks and it's a special
at a regular dependency. I guess kind of the best
choice. I think maybe in contrast to a lot of does
it depend on the the data dependencies. Do you know
if you launch the task and whether or not the data
goes away and you need it to know where it is in, be
sure to dress as a sort of a model that can be very difficult
to do and it would depend on the size of your tasks
and what you're doing with the application. I think
I think a lot of multiphysics applications where
you've got a multiple different physical systems
that you need to simulate and the pin Pinterest simultaneously
and the computation for each is going to be very different.
For example, a lot of climate simulation codes,
you know, you have an atmosphere component of the
code, you'll have an ocean component of the codes
all of the land under the code job cic love potion
ice location. You've got a lot of irregularity not
necessarily in each one of those individual components
the fact that you are trying to stimulate all those
different components simultaneously and so to
be able to do that it's scales and then like me. They're
useful. An enemy of course, if it's a grid based calculation,
then you may be doing a lot of those operations on
the grid and that's where you run into problems with
the aim T. But yeah, so but it going going back to that
climate example, most of the individual components.
There are lots of climate application are going
to be salt on a grid but it might be that use a different
type of grid for the different models and some of
those grids are adaptive and some aren't Histories
to the fact that it's not necessarily a work scheduling
question, even in war clothes that you have regular
cribs. You can use at a spray bottle. But where are
you do have the regular you might want to in stores?
Statically that things on Jason break up poems death
toll schedule to recover the performance if you
would get from a static scheduler while still being
able to use I wanted to kind of second that are modified
a little bit that you need scheduling is where you
need in these are useful right scheduling flexibility
and indeed you messed up. I meant salt when measurements
are doing different behavior in different phases
like in one of our simulations day. This is like water
flooding so they're dry elements and elements in
Swan. Those are all things where we definitely shines
all these empty systems. However, a regular applications
to the machine. Is regular so so there is a processors
coming from temperature and power variations to
handle those. Also we need the same scheduling flexibility
that that empties provide. Yeah, right. I agree
with that actually, like loss of accelerator is
kind of something is very very difficult to have
a scalable application because there's an iniquitous
Kay's Jewelers on accelerator to kind of enable
application to distribute these tasks amount that
you know, I actually see if you so that's actually
kind of a challenge our respective with using panties.
I definitely agree, you know when it when you're
looking at GPS systems in this is shocking thing
for somebody worked at media to say but it's not just
about programming the GPA writing the kids can ride
in front of the GPU. You know, you're going to have
some of that with your workload that's going to be
on the seat to you. If you know it might be that large
part of that is management or coordination or I am
cheese off for you a nice solution to really be able
to write actual heterogeneous programs, which
is really what you want. You want to be able to easily
and seamlessly right code that can run on either
the post or the device and that can move between hosted
device as needed scheduling coordination between
Austin devices, right that is status. One of the
weak points of Off Systems. I believe if you look
at machine black summit why you have Six months two
gpus on a 96 course power cores able to keep up with
the computation that the dp100 can do all the time
schedule for for managing the system and costing
systems are perfect for that because he can do I how
do I owe they can do networking. They can do the Dacono
launching and coordination between So we have time
for one more statement. Bible dad's and then also
does Bass Run time they help with. And like useful
for application with any kind of way. Spaceman to
other more commonly used. Okay, so I think we should
go to the Penance question 2. And how does a C plus
plus language standard impact efficiency and complexity
of programming AMT systems. Something for Bryce
to answer right? Also experience if I may give you
props a second to think about it. I think that the
evolution of C plus plus for the last 10 years or so.
It's definitely simplified the task of creating
the empty system itself. and especially then you
language features that have been introduced and
in the seat buckle 17 have definitely helped to reduce
the amount of code. We have to maintain the Matrix
on the other end and I'm not sure what you're referring
to that question. Are you referring to the complexity
of programming using and cheese or a Brooklyn BMT?
Nevertheless? I think that the latest language
features have also simplified apis. We expose simplify
C dose of the application programmer to work with
us because he has a very complex language and the
language itself. It's simpler that cost of the program.
Sound like a few things of a few things in this General
subject. The first is that I think if you look at the
C plus plus abstract Machine model, it is inherently
a natural fit for the AMT model. And in fact, you could
even argue that the C+ plus abstract Machine model
is an AMT model in the sea purpose abstract machine.
We have a notion of threads of execution in execution
agents that are operating on you know, a set of operation
a set of objects that exist in a global address space
that is more or less the basics of AMT model and in
C plus plus 17. We not only introduced The Parallel
algorithms, but we overhauled the abstract machine
to introduce. An ocean of forward progress guarantees
and she introduced the notion of different classes
of execution agents, which greatly expand the types
of scheduling systems and Hardware that can run
C plus plus coat second thing I say is that I'm speaking
as the the head of the sepal. So slight is people such
as Library Design Group almost everything that
we are focusing on in the seat post with standard
library for the next 10 years revolves around asynchronous
programming and specifically asynchronous IO
so one of the major features that we are hoping to
land and sea + + 23 is Executives, which is is a model
and an extraction around scheduling systems in
task execution and and asynchronous eye out and
that is going to be the framework for a number of Hirelevel
+ 8 x generation file IO asynchronous file IO layer
that we probably built on top of that in 26 of 29 and
the drive for a lot of these things doesn't necessarily
come from HBC. It comes from the broad or C plus plus
Community. Where is the style? Is it going to storm
hermine is Justice come but it it also serves the
needs of the community very well. So I think a lot
of the things that we're doing this particular executor.
It's going to be a great 2 a.m. Show the executives
will provide the glue that will allow us to move.
These nice towers are building blocks. I showed
him my presentation in the end. It will give us the
means to create uniformity is for Hydra genius cross
system scheduling for writing code that looks the
same in terms of apis, but still can be very flexible
e it's up to all kinds of different things like different
architectures different your clothes and so on.
So I'm looking forward to that. I'm very glad that
things go that way. So your second yet. Both of you
are talking about I speak to executor stats. All
of what is going on in the standardization committee.
The current points towards different interfaces
with Lower level than what we expose today in hbx.
OK Google, can I can I put in here so I was wondering
whether to keep my mouth shut or waiting to this.
What I'm about to say is not my official position
are my research groups are there are lots of the young
people in my group for C plus plus entusiasta. I'm
just going to start some trouble because it's the
panel has brought. So a couple of things. Plus plus
has doesn't use C plus plus in deep weighs and part
of the reason is programming model doesn't need
it and part of the other reason was because you're
just too old. So we were running on Blue Jean for 21
years. We couldn't even use C plus plus 11 a side use
its features. And so all these backward compatibility
meant we were not going there but leaving that aside
we use not mouth for CSE + 270 Blue. Jean is gone. Everyone
supports are using what we can but my question is
C plus plus What time does Mike remember a thing called
finite skull size? This is what Dykstra talked about
and a standard that's 1400 Pages while you might
put a really nice features in it and and be really
pleased with how we can ride this little beautiful
artifact on top of it, but it isn't it a complex their
food of Love Stuff in what happens to that complexity
programming when we have such such a large language.
It's actually closer to 1220 200 Pages these days.
Sometimes we end up adding things in the interest
of simplifying things. The C plus plus committee
is getting are more targeted in what we aim to add
to C plus plus a lot of the features that we've added
+ C + + 17 + 2 + 20 features that were envisioned as part
of C plus plus, you know back when it was first created.
It's just taking a while to deliver them. I think
for a language like c-plus plus which is multi Paradigm,
which has a very large user base. Yeah. There's going
to be complexity but you don't have to use all that
complexity and there's no one. If users for one user
for which everything in the C plus plus standard
is something that's for them in one of the strengths
of C plus plus is that you can use the parts that you
know are best suited for you and for your use casing
for your application. If I may add one more thing,
I believe that keep our place has been taught the
wrong way for a very long time, which is one of the
biggest legacies we have to overcome and that you
stop talkin about Point dozen the last lecture.
Open introductory course lecture as nowadays.
Everybody is doing things and that's what I mean
by that is that you can teach a safe subset of C plus
plus that is accessible to first-year students
and that's still an able to utilize a large part of
its power. So you don't have to look into each darker
any and look Duo to use it properly. It's even the
other way around that is kind of my experience that
is tested on satus Pass Program on the panel siding
with superstars 11. I think a lot of people had written
it off and I was only having a clean slate has made
it possible for us to at least try to pick very simple
and you know composable abstractions in a way that
may not be possible in a system where you have to contend
with and what it means for an execution. Around sings
leg unifying execution models across the accelerators.
So not just CPU and GPU but also things like, you know,
I'm coming machine learning specific accelerator
and they have very very restricted programming
models. We at least try to extend possible to have
consistent semantics across all devices with instructions.
Okay, thanks. This was a nice cuz I was saying argument
because we have to go to the next question because
I'm a little bit over. Okay, I want to see what question
is. What are the differences between hbx Trulia
openmp and jam plus plus AMT paradigms and how can
these differences affect the power load performance?
Maybe non authors should speak about it first. like
the people from outside of Campus dosage PX and maybe
open MPP can speak well, I will say that open and Pete
basically doesn't try to reproduce What MPI does
going across the cluster but modern openmp support
all of the relevant tasking across the seas and is
coming along and some people believe that it's the
preferred method for openmp going forward is to
use the Tascam model model where it's relevant and
I guess the difference is is still in how we view the
memory. I think that's critical to the difference
between the possibly the HP X-Type Paradigm and
me open and p-type Paradigm is weather when you talk
me about immutable date done. So I'm how that's how
that shared how data is moved around and the applications
and how much data needs to be moved around. I think
that's what people have come across when they tried
to Implement some of the standard, you know HPC type
algorithms and codes even and so on they sometimes
run into trouble with dealing with go cells and how
to update the inner inner zones and and so on so, I
think that's one of the primary differences. I think
that that there's definitely certain algorithms
that lend themselves to the name. T-Type paridon
it and and making those Available to people is very
important. I think one of them has contributed to
the language portability supporting languages
of water on and see in other languages which is the
outside of the scope of at least hbx where we are focused
on C plus plus and I admit that we have a hard time to
do things with Voltron correctly because Ford run
the memory modeling important doesn't play well
with others reading tool that has its importance
and I'm very glad that recent versions have called
up and 1/2 editas dependencies and things like that
that's helped us to orchestrate more complex workloads
beyond our lives. Opening feed Direction has been
very good. But there is a from that point of view I
be with you. I don't know if I can put my finger on it
properly but something to do somehow openmp doesn't
work for lice work enough. In other words. That is
just a little too much control or over the pizza Man's
dad that the scheduler cannot flexibly move things
around is my gut feeling about opening positions
in some of the more the more my implementations do
allow you to allows a compiler a lot of freedom to
make choices and a lot of freedom within the hardware
to make choices as well really doesn't support is
it doesn't support like I said going across an entire
PC machine and Italy set up to MPI or something else
even hpx for instance and they they try very hard
not to specify that. The bad part is okay. That part
is okay. I think I think something simple like ability
to spread a loop or a subset, of course while something
else but it's over the last and changing that there
are some I think I probably shouldn't speak too much
be an example at hand, but there are limitations.
Maybe I will I will construct them and talk about
it, but I think we should probably return to respond
to that if you want, but I want to return to this main
question. Those can I comment on the main questions
aren't like other user another the developer of
anything would likely try to obstruct an Allegiant
spring break and from this perspective. It don't
have any speedymoto that you will use another empty
mono also provides instruction and Also some features
that are related to God. I think it's a test to measure
performance yet, but there's a future. Answer one,
I want to make it in this direction is that from the
Julia perspective? We actually try to get a lot of
help with almonds for a language design considerations
as opposed to having in a fancy run time systems for
a run time schedule a chance to be part of the tested
and scalable sure, but you know, we know that's not
so very fancy things one can do at the runtime level
particular when it comes to things like taking performance
of machines into account and you know doing more
active load balancing we're running tasks already
moved across machines with the Cowardly Dog very
much do then I would like to see in the future has been
explored and some of the other Frameworks focus
more on the SMS on note from the language and I think
we could do the same and Julia into improving our
own runtime assistance and hopefully get the best
of both worlds. Yeah, I think that's that that's
like see this one thing I want to say about that is
that is that it is my current time can do stuff that
the that's pretty interesting and useful and one
of the things that we rely on Jam plus plus is this
idea of persistence typical science and engineering
application than me but it's rationed Food donation
center to Skype time step objects tend to behave
somewhat similar and that someone similarly is
our only friend in other Weiser Dynamic Advance
skip answer using that principal of persistent.
We we can use the pass measurements to predict near
future behavior and balance load and things accordingly
at least when this kind of Persistence of Lies. So
that's one thing we try to do I am not sure if I can for
sure do that. I don't make it does do that. And the
other thing I meant to say say Before I Let Go of the
mic is I just remembered The point of comparison
when you're talking about Julia is the dagger. So
in Champlin, plus there's something else. I should
I go. They used to be just a plain that girl and structure
structured 2° dependencies between communication
program order and within an object data within an
object and we can't do we use that but we can do not
expose too much of that to run time because only been
in a sub part of the object becomes competition becomes
ready is it needs to be scheduled and so we just use
that internally inside the optic that's another
point of a notice care. So I'm curious about spxs
use of persistence. Like like attrition rate duration
we can use the information. Hbx is a C+ Library. So
by definition you can do everything you want. Otherwise,
it wouldn't be C plus plus a we don't have any explicit
facilities supporting that but I don't see no reason
why we couldn't be done. Car isn't there the the Apex
work with the yes 30 seconds because my little bit
over I will be very quick analysis tool kits that
can be compiled that can be used to collect performance
of Amendment 1 time and feet that you what we call
the policy engine, which is essentially just that
uses a blank function which receives information
and makes a decision and tongue some notes in the
application or in the runtime system. So that is
definitely available. Call Apex for whatever.
I don't know how that smells out, but Listening Library,
it's developed by University of Oregon by Kevin
Hart. I think we should move to the next question.
And it's more like an application questions have
seized hbx Trulia openmp and champ s+ AMT paradigms
performance being evaluated against scientific
applications examples in you Hot Topic AI or any
other Frameworks and if so, how did you lose Frameworks
get benefits using these AMT models compared to
traditional runtime systems. We will definitely
have done mini app again scientific MPI and make
sure that we are as good or better than npiv. Even
without any Dynamic load balancing benefits that
bottom line to make sure that we are not often times.
You can't eat because of pollution or blocking and
Salon against each other. We have not done that much
water flows. And then maybe there are some other
religion partial flexi, maybe other things we need
to do and see how we are doing. Computing exactly
because it was actually just going to be some additional
other Mini at level benchmarks and compare both
performance and scalability and Clarity of the
recycle conciseness or something like that with
apparel research kernels. So that might be a place
to to look at very frequently. You know, what what
what happens is 1 a.m. She comes up with some particular
Benchmark and Compares again some other AMT is and
now Everybody agrees on the validity of that Benchmark
and I think it would certainly benefit everybody
if we had agreed upon. Be in Los Alamos tried to develop
a framework, which is like a section of a different
song than systems and and like the country before
continue. That is like I'm so that the company Chris
trying to get the screen work. I will also have until
you are complicated in NCI world is a much simpler
and more exponents. And also I think I might use her
tomorrow. Arena makes a really good point one thing
that we frequently and HBC don't consider in a bench
marking. It all is developer effort. If you don't
like the amount of time, it takes you to write the
code does matter because we don't live in a perfect
world where you can just pick the most optimal solution
and and you have infinite developer effort to I had
to implement it. I'm so sometimes the solution that
is the more natural fit for an application is better,
even if it's not the best because it's the thing that
you can get up and running sooner. I'll just jump
in Reedley at the end because you're not getting
getting to cutting down the middle of the time. We're
getting I hope it went well get in the back, but unfortunately,
I can't really offer any Benchmark comparison because
our system is so that means we do get you know all the
applications. So there's a very big climate simulation
being done in Julia and Julie. I also thank him for
the offer comparison to other we don't want to create
a benchmark that is just a we want to create a paper
and pencil Benchmark. We don't want exactly that
everyone runs. We want to say this is the problem
with this. 15 year old language and solve it I mean,
I hear it stresses certain aspects of AMT systems
that sort of an extreme case. We could all look like
if we could obviously something only Benchmark,
but that's the sort of thing that you can mention
any in any of these Frameworks. I really need to go
beyond that kind of maybe need to fix the algorithm
because if you're just say starving a pde you could
do it in many different ways. So you may want to fix
which kind of an algorism your dynamic programming
and then just having some cash on a story that we got
the stressing out Treads specific. nice, but you
don't want to make a list make changes completely
but one that measures is fine grained task creation
performance and for you to measure and it will be
probably a good thing to have for every one of us to
have their butt history like 30 years on I know this
find me performance benchmarking has been a detriment
for a variety of things that I can just distract you
from The Benchmark that distresses one particular
I wasn't saying that that's the only Benchmark but
something like that is something that you could
do in Julia you could do in C plus plus you could do
in Python could do in the language and if we could
get a collection of you know 20 Problems where we
can Define, you know, it's scription of what the
algorithm is is that we want to use that stress various
different areas that I think will be beneficial
for the community. That's actually pretty good
idea and also may be considering having Benchmark,
which is going to be like an abusive Benchmark as
well. So because it's not just in our benchmarks.
Do you also want to look to that performance of this
language is already platforms are distributed
one because it's kind of in real hard and Industrial
like in cloud or identity systems are looking for
a kind of getting benefits of this language is over
now. It's not just waiting out even say that one of
those one of the Benchmark a particular algorithm,
but it should be handling a particular type of air
like for example saying, you know benchmark that
that that addresses Question. How does your AMT
perform when a process dies when I know. That's how
it how was he able to become? Will be good to add to
isolate exactly which ones are the most important
but would be really good to continue along with gas.
I think. Okay, I think this was a quiet as nice closing
statement and we can move to the second last question.
So how does the supercomputing community benefit
from using AT&T on Modern or future supercomputers?
And I go first how does it benefit whether it would
benefit if it's a question of whether we can influence
the community in developing applications using
anything except MPI Plus open NPR Coco's our garage
or something like that, right and it can can people
just consider using something difficult problem.
All of us have this problem with kind of started following
it in our own way with nandi and the only way that was
because after talking about it for a while we just
said, okay, we got to develop an application Albertsons
Library DVD and only then some people been paid attention,
but that programmers is a very hard task. This is
very interesting because if you look at the web programming
would like all these other programming stuff that
goes on for the last 10 20 years every year. The new
programming model and becomes popular and whatever
goes out of fashion and so on we seem to have this very
conservative Community because of the huge gold
basis and Swatch so I don't have the solution but
this is the problem that this question raises which
is how can people how can we have people experimenting
with new programming models more than I can be part
of the solution has to be interoperability so that
they can write most of their programming MPI and
do a little bit in a dabble in one of our models for
example, but I would like to hear answer to that aspect
of this question. I think one of the that the trend
in super computers & N Hardware is increasingly
towards specialization and heterogeneous systems
were at the end of Moore's law and the place that we're
going to get future performance wins for new hardware
is going to be in specialization week. We've been
out for a long time. We saw it. I move towards more
centralization more General Hardware, but that
trench is is over and now we're starting to see a lot
more accelerators and accelerators with very specific
targeted acceleration features like Nvidia tensor
cores, and I think if you look at what the super supercomputer
looks like today, you're going to have a multi-threaded
to post platform. You're going to have at least What
type of accelerated and I think it's asking a lot
of the main scientists to tell them to program the
system you have to write MPI open and key kuta and
this other thing in this other thing in this other
thing and one of the nice thing about and cheese that
they they also give you a uniform abstraction to
addressing all the different types of parallelism
in your system. So I can I think that the reason that
that you should look at and T is is that they're very
well aligned for the future direction of hardware.
Right uniform extraction not for translate into
all of these but for coordinating schedules. So
I would actually take it further and say we do want
to expose the same instruction even for lowering
to The Accelerated as well realize it might be hard
way harder if you don't control the compiled and
I just happened to be till Skechers. I couldn't agree
more Bryce a uniform API. It was syntax and semantics
which are uniform across different Target architectures
is very important and I think of us as well on the way
to give us at API many people of the Lost Years have
said all we have to sit down we have to actually trade
news. It's a b is for doing that but hey, we already
have a son and make sure that the deficit under constant
if your eyes are those things to I think a lot of the
issues what I mean, I can see it. commuting from MPI
to music and I tell you use AMC I mean And I think this
is one issue and another issue is there and there's
no recipe from there. So many examples. You were
comparing to MPI and there's some kind of work done.
And how did it compare but it's kind of application.
I just was discussed previously and the comparison
between 80 and over NPI. There is great power in having
a specification having a standard and we don't have
that name SeaWorld today other than us. That would
require us to find commonalities between us right
and that seems hard at the moment. We all kind of tend
to abstract different things and provide different
abstraction to some extent. I might. comparison
between runtime so people can choose one or another
I would certainly like to see is a separation to the
extent possible between you know, the programming
language expose tired of these systems and then
they run time scheduling and coordination part
of it. We could certainly use somebody else's distributed
scheduler and maybe we could even make it possible
for people to choose the distributive scheduler
as we do now with the second schedules that we have
in Julia depending on you know, the performance
characteristics of Any Given schedule at for a particular
Paradise. So, you know, I don't know about that.
She is a list of possible direction to Define some
you know, this is what a task is at least maybe not
a woman's butt. comparison I completely agree with
you. I think higher-level languages which it in
fact in some ways specialized for different patterns
would be would be very useful and for them to connect
to the rest of the MTN times would be a very good idea
going to the point that I was making not just taking
off on a tangent there is that maybe we don't agree
on our if I love and ppis but maybe Dad component-level
we could begin and there are well understood. We
need to standardize data C plus plus on Boost will
do it for us, but that won't be HPC specific enough.
So at least we need to come together enough to it to
do that number to is a distributor location management.
That's another thing that can be standardized.
And number three is a persistent load balancing
when you have a collection of objects and they're
persistent Loudoun community. Optional in communication
patterns coming up with a new assignment of object
to process under various conditions these three
I think are alright for standardization as components
of things. I was thinking about and there have been
some efforts in the past to try to make that happen.
I think I haven't been successful because enough
to to work you have to have all the stakeholders present
and they have to all be really invested in it. And
I guess I think there have not been the motivation
yet to get to bring everybody to the table but I think
its popularity and interest in antique rose and
I think it will continue to grow especially with
the prevalence of heterogeneous system. I think
that they'll be more of a push for this. Okay for sake
of time you have to move to the last question. what
Hardware features are required in the Next Generation
processors to support amt's What do single scheduling
most popular level sweats and the other thing I would
like to see us some Hardware support for managing
distributed addresses or global address spaces
possibly on the next directly. Cancel two most important
features. I believe one of the problem is that a lot
of the things open piano. So empty I can take advantage
of in terms of performance is that those models have
been developed and co-design Twizy Hardware Hampden
and so many of the hardware features and on the capabilities
have been designed to support these problem models
directly when it comes to MGS. We all have the problem
that we have to emulate everything and software
like the context which is of use of operation that
can theoretically be implemented an all the way
out without too much effort and would benefit the
performance or or the performance of the schedules
would benefit from endlessly from From this feature
similar things can be said about the global address
addressing everything has to be done and software
nowadays and that somehow Amber superformance.
We can achieve with empty. One of the things amt's
might want to look into it like that. If you looked
at all the dark by Hive machine graph analytics processor,
maybe something that go beyond the traditional
HTC space and where the role of EMTs has in those architectures
and also those problems with your fundamentally
different than the traditional HBC application.
How to make a make an addition so I agree with everything
you said about everything. We're going to actually
see and large-scale applications that if you're
using a sin if you're using regular model and the
primary thing we do in the pool a community often
to come back up just to use recording replay technology
and that tends to fall over at large scales and a quick
read for me, but it never really itchy mainstream
usability. At the scales get larger and I would like
to see some Innovation from the hardware side that
when they said he's here. I Dream Center Sorry can't
talk. Very small, I was recently aesthetic wallpaper
at Davis. It just seemed kind of proposing to have
some if he's your lies ation based on dependency
graph spy from this free sample. I did not want to
use that also, like on top of some of the hardware
accelerator designs and they were claiming that
she's kind of make it easy for debugging and this
is kind of a problem that they were also investigating
so asking dependencies can be Donald's off bear
only that is possible. I might be wrong, but I wouldn't
see why I support would help us here because of the
engine 2.0 anyway, but we have done that. but sure
if you have an idea how Hardware components hotel
pools at All means to make sure that this happens
in the future would have an expiration. However,
I was just sharing my kind of a study and that's paper.
That's kind of interesting because they were also
complaining about Hardware capability on axillary
Tail as well as that they wanted to kind of a design
accelerator in in such a way that kind of deal with
the task in kind of a small task and to be able to distribute
cast among different accelerator efficiently.
And then then they ended up to having difficulty
40 parking. It's too kind of track of execution task
execution of tasks among the accelerator and a very
kind of proposing additional. Romans 14. But this
is just my study and I don't have any experience on
that yet. But did I guess that's kind of that good
an interesting topic because it's challenging.
Let me accept the questions as likely I think it's
not only that we would like to have more difficult
than the mg's for MTS but I think we need but a tooling
support on under for the burgers and then profilers
and and what not all existing tools except for we
do and perhaps where we have successfully integrated
hbx was which if your top news and then this kind of
thing there are not many tools available or not.
Even if he is available that allow you to to extend
them or you can wipe things that are but it's it's
a pain in the neck. We have tried that and it didn't
really work out nicely for the parts of antiques
is I would like to Force One cycle context switching.
I'm not sure it can make a huge impact on our performance
hundred Is What It Takes. Not that big a thing but
remote fightful where is someone getting shot fix
eyes control message in a remote 540 multiple endpoints
will be useful and I think I want to get to my other
pet point which is that we have we all have adaptive
control systems that are trying to do schedule flexibly
what comes in the week is nvidia's then saying we
want to control ourselves and we had a fight what
to do with that we want to schedule those SMS as we
want a tortoise demand it is like I know there is another
task at work for SMS coming down the line I want to
use 3-g or something like that and I know what I'm
doing right being there on time so that kind of flexibility
from the scheduler would be it would be a useful thing
but then you want to go so cashing as well right Accelerators
have to do the first day of accelerators have to expose
scheduling hooks so that amt's can run not a silly
their entire scheduler, but they can run a scheduler
on elevators this very common pattern and Cuda called
a super Colonel or basically you have one Colonel
that is your entire application and then it switches
between the different compute phases. We really
need to expose first class reports that it in accelerators
also need to ensure that their thread live up to the
to the promise of being real threads. So that means
that you need to conform to the de-facto memory model
that everybody uses which of the C plus plus memory
model and in the second thing is threads are should
be able to access all objects in so that mean Things
that you need to have some notion of unified and Global
memory accelerators shouldn't be these these black
boxes that have their own memory and they can't touch
anything else memory system is time for one doing
things. The one thing is the Confederate attitude
towards just like I think one of the greatest things
that nobody has done is transformed the people into
when there is a programming problem performance
problem, you build blame the programmer rather
than the offenders about greatest achievement,
I think but but you know, we spoke for Performance
Horse these little things that come in the way our
and therefore I'm a man. I feel like fighting a threat
doesn't matter on what I interfered with on on the
West Side. That's another thing that's controlling
that whose side interference is another thing.
That would be nice to have We have time for one more
quick statement and then we have to stop because
we are over time. I would say I'd say kuta graphs does
address a lot of the scheduling has a long way to addressing
a lot of the scheduling needs of AMT. And you're making
it better. I think this was the last statement of
our pain. So let us thank see panelist again for the
nice airport and see presentations, and so we will
start with the question that answers and yeah, please
type your question in the chat so I can read them at
our panelists can take your questions. Thank you.
So he can pass again.